You wake up one day in your abode, surrounded by your possesions and creature comforts, really wanting a good hunk of food.
You walk outside in the crisp autumn air, leaves already fallen and crunching underfoot. The chill is growing with every passing day but you enjoy it.
After all winter is the season where you just sit in your den and eat. Who doesn't want that?
The walk takes maybe 3 minutes of confidently striding along until you reach the store of food that will take you through winter. 
You notice fresh scratches near the hole that marks your food. Earth has been pulled away and there are tiny crumbs of meat laying on the ground around the stash.
A long glance in reveals that the stash is totally empty. You have no food for winter. The only thing left is a piece of meat that had rotten over night.
This piece looks rancid however you are really hungry. I mean you have eaten worse right?
You decide to eat it.
You eat it.
Well that was nasty. Shuddering slightly you look around to see what took your food supplies. After a few minutes of searching and getting bored you move on.


Chapter 2.

The lack of food present a serious problem. Winter is naught but a week away and that food was all you had. You will without a doubt starve in the coming months.
As good as you think you are, you know there is no possible way to gather all the food you need.
It's time to come up with an alternate plan.
You think hard.
The best thing you can come up with is to take someone elses stuff. It seems like a brilliant idea!
You pack up your snacks and head out into the wild to ruin some animal's life.

Chapter 3.

It's been about half a day since you headed out, the sun midway across the sky. The beating sun provides a nice feeling on the otherwise cold day.
You are surrounded by stark trees and leaves crunch underfoot as you walk down the beaten down animal path.
It's been just long enough of a journey that you really need a drink of water. A quick look around reveals the location of the local watering hole.
As you approach, the water shining in the sun just warm enough to not be to cold, you notice a strange on the ground.
It was a bunch of tiny grooves in the dirt and the track as a whole has a pointed front, a skinny middle, and a think ball shaped back end.
You feel like you have seen a track like this before.
You try to recall past knowledge.


Just as you are about to get an inkling of something from your past you hear a deep crash behind you.
As you turn you see a human with his rifle raised, taking a shot at you.
You try to dodge.

End




 
